hello my friends welcome to my February
favorites and fails countdown this is
where I count down from the worst
product I tried this month all the way
up to the best product I tried this
month I tried a lot of product this
month so I did not include everything's
I got ten slots but I wanted to tell you
about the things that really stood out
to me as either being really really good
really really bad or just really really
mediocre so let's go ahead and jump into
the first product right now which is the
worst product I tried this month at
number 10 number 10 for me this month
was the elf daily hydration moisturizer
okay this stuff smells so strong it's
got an insanely strong smell to the
point where I cannot use it it's very
strong let me see I haven't smelled it a
no in a minute because I only use it
once but it's very strong floral fresh
scent if you don't mind that you may
enjoy this this would be a great hand
moisturizer but definitely not on the
face way too much fragrance I don't know
what they were thinking they could cut
the fragrance in a quarter and this
would be much much better and also it's
very very I don't feel like it seeps
into the skin super nicely it leaves
kind of a film on my skin I just really
don't like this that's why it's at
number ten number nine is a product that
I feel like is very overpriced in
something that I did not enjoy this is
the Velvet 59 lipstick love the
packaging packaging is gorgeous I did do
a full review on this but it just it
doesn't smell great it's like it wants
to try to give vanilla scent but it's
not so I did not enjoy this lipstick at
all I also didn't like the way that it
pulled on my lips it just doesn't feel
like a high quality buttery creamy
lipstick for the $18.00 price tag it's
very very pricey I think you're paying
for the packaging mostly if I wanted to
recommend a lip product from Velvet 59
it's an indie brand I would definitely
recommend their lip glosses those are
really really nice but definitely not
the lipsticks next up another very very
hyped up product the Too Faced sweet
peach glow palette my first complaint
about this is the packaging I'm starting
to notice with the two-faced packaging
that the magnetic closure is can be very
very weak and it seems too weak and the
more you use it which i think is kind of
strange because you would think the
magnet would just stay magnetic or maybe
just the packaging is falling apart I
don't know what's happening but I feel
like the more I use this the weaker the
magnet is but I feel like whoa oh please
don't break did you break oh good see
one thing we can say positive about it
is it doesn't break if you drop it you
throw it across the room by accident I
do love the packaging the packaging is
gorgeous I really like the peach scent
it's very very strong though so if you
don't like cents you probably won't like
this but I feel like that the shades
leave definitely leave something to be
desired they're very very very not
pigmented there just isn't much to them
they're pretty but there isn't a lot to
them and they don't last a long time on
my skin I think it's definitely was a
waste of money for me I'm very sad that
I own this this is probably going to be
passed along to a friend because I'm
doing a highlighting declutter very very
soon this weekend on my live chat so I
have a feeling this is something that's
gonna end up getting passed on which
makes me sad because it's really new to
my collection but I just can't find good
use for it I have so many more
highlighters that I like better so
really the only reason to keep this is
for the scent for me and because it's
cute but but this is this is a big note
for me unfortunately alright next is a
product that I just put up a full review
on this is the lorac I love brunch
palette there are some bright spots in
this which is why that's higher up on
the lower end of my countdown there's
some beautiful shades in here shades
like avocado toast shades like gluten
free Bloody Mary mimosa there's some
really nice shades in here but there's
also some really really bad ones in here
like lavender is atrocious
it's horrible ballet is very weak it's
just sorbet is very nice this one right
here but I would say about half the
palette is relatively unusable it's that
bad for me so I am going to keep it
because there's enough shades in here
for me they already purchase it I'm
probably gonna keep it but I definitely
wouldn't recommend you purchase this
unless you really like like my like
light
shades or wanted as a collector's item
or if you don't mind paying for half
good shadows and half not good shadows
but overall this was kind of a bust for
me we're starting to move toward middle
ground here things were just okay for me
they're not good they're not bad they're
just nice so these two pallets right
here from Velvet 59 we're just okay for
me I have the exotic Lotus palette this
one is mattes mixed with shimmers is
princess of China shade I really did not
like it all then we've got some really
nice bright spots like Tiger Lily is
gorgeous the Silk Road is gorgeous kyoto
kimono is wonderful cherry blossom is
nice as well there's some nice shades in
here but they're just okay
as far as a palette for me these also
are just okay for me these are the rose
medals eyeshadows they're not as
metallic as I feel like they could be
for a metal palette if this was a rose
shimmers palette I think that I wouldn't
be so disappointed but because it says
Rose medals I expected more of metallic
thinking about like the makeup geek
folds and things like that these cannot
even hold a candle to those there just
isn't enough shimmer and shine for it to
be a considered a metallic palette for
me now granted this it has been out for
quite a while so maybe they just didn't
have the role models so some of the
other foiled shadow yet but I don't know
I just wish that it there was a little
more pizzazz in it again not a bad tally
could definitely add some beautiful
looks out of both of these palettes
they're just okay again I have a full
review of these down in the description
below you can click on that if you want
to watch it
moving into the things that I really
really really like a lot this is my
least favorite of the things that I
really really like a lot but do really
like this this is my lunatic labs
cosmetics and this is their contour
palette it is insanely expensive for you
get a ton of product but it's very
expensive what I wish that they had done
this is this is why it's at this low
down as it is this top row I don't see
any reason for it existing I wish that
they had cut the price in third and just
given these two rows here these are not
really contour shades for someone that
is human wanting a human
or at least in my opinion I feel like
they're way too gray this is white light
gray and these are some darker Gray's
maybe edging on this one being a contour
for somebody but I mean they're just
it's just an odd row of shades for a
contour count now these two rows are
phenomenal they're amazing if you like
these eight shades you may want to
invest it in anyway because this really
could they're really amazing they last a
really long time they're very easy to
work with and they're fantastic the
blush shades are gorgeous the contour
shades of gorgeous you've got a nice
deep contour for people with deep
skintone
I think they're just really good they're
really really good so it's kind of in
the middle for me just because of the
price point in that top row but other
than that amazing number four is a brand
that I absolutely love rail and
langnickel and motor brushes I got these
babies at generation beauties directly
from royal and langnickel and I was so
excited so thankful that they gave them
to me
I really like these a lot I do own some
of the artiste brushes I feel like these
compared to the artiste brushes as far
as the application I have one major
critique and it's only of this brush
when you put it on your face it's way
too bendy it makes it so I feel like I
need to stabilize this with my fingers
in order to get it to blend which i
think is kind of crazy I wish that they
had just somehow made this should that
it wasn't as Benny it's just too bendy
these two don't do that
I guess because this one is just so
top-heavy the bristles are so incredibly
dense it's just probably just heavy
compared to these this is one I really
like for powder concealers or for
setting powder things like that this one
I really like for any kind of blush
powder cream contour powder cream I've
used this for highlight as well it's
very very nice if you happen to run into
these at Walmart I definitely recommend
picking them up like I said you just
kind of have to stabilize this guy but
the the blending time compared to like a
Beauty Blender is like cut in half
because all you have to do is go mush
mush mush mush mush mush mush and then
it done so it's just a lot faster than
using a beauty blender and I do feel
like it gives a little bit more of a
full coverage than a beauty blender does
because the Beauty Blender you're
getting a little bit of that
content into your product I do feel like
it eats Foundation but I'm willing to
let it need a little foundation for you
know the goodness that it provides
number three another product that I am
loving the makeup geek highlighters they
have a little highlighter sale on makeup
geek these are that you know really like
this is lit and it looks like this very
fun to play with gorgeous as eyeshadow
it's got a little bit of an iridescent
almost a duochrome kind of look to it
but not quite but really really really
pretty really pigmented lasts a really
long time on the cheeks and then this
one is called luster just really
gorgeous really fun to use lid gives you
that from space kind of glow if you
don't like a super popping low you
probably won't like these but I
personally absolutely love them all
right number two this month is the
pastel goth palette by Kat Von D I am
loving this palette absolutely loving it
I love these colors so much they are so
opaque they are so easy to work with
they're so easy to blend lasting power
is amazing I've one teeny tiny baby
critique I wish that they included a
deep brown instead of this gray that's
my only critique I can see why they did
it but I feel like it kind of limits
what I can do with it
I just feel like it doesn't really mix
in as well as far as deepening out the
outer corner I just wish it was brown
instead of gray but other than that I
mean it's amazing if you think you're
drawn to this in any way and you want to
buy it I would highly recommend it I
don't think I'm gonna do a full review
on it since it is limited edition and
it's kind of going out of stock but
definite definite definite recommend
it's a lot of fun to play with if you
want to try some bright colors if you
are nervous about using bright colors
all over your lid but you want to try
something on the lower lash line this is
a great palette for it because it does
stay on my lower lash line and you can
also use these as eyeliners as well you
can take an eyeliner brush and then put
it like thicker right here by your lash
line and then stick your black or your
dark brown eyeliner really close to the
lash line you'll have this beautiful
strip of color and it's just fun it's
just fun it's I really enjoy this this
is true Kat Von D awesome
quality highly recommend and then last
but definitely not least because it's
first I have some makeup geek foiled
eyeshadows oh my goodness I spent some
time with in Shawnee from total makeup
junkie 101 when I was at generation
beauty and we were talking about the
makeup geek foiled and I was thinking
you know what I really need to have some
of these for reference they are quite
expensive they're $10 each there's three
of them in here this one this one this
one these two are matte shades that I
got in my boxycharm and the Z palette is
I got in my boxycharm but these shades
are insane this one is called starry
eyed then we have nostalgic and then we
have fantasy and all of these shades are
incredible as far as the ease of use the
opacity of them the pigmentation the
blend ability the lasting power they're
everything you could possibly want in a
super shimmery foiled eyeshadow she
nailed this formula I don't know how she
did that I don't know what she did but
they're incredible incredible I want
more I just wish that they weren't ten
dollars a pan I it just kills me that
they're ten dollars Japan I feel like
that Marlena is kind of you know she
started off being a very affordable
brand and I feel like the more she gets
into this really fancy stuff which makes
sense the more she's charging for it but
it makes it kind of out of a lot of
people's price range I hope that she
comes up with an eyeshadow palette that
includes some foiled shadows kind of
like the way that these are here would
be wonderful if Marlena did hey Marlena
who's not watching this but I wish you
were if you made a palette like Velvet
59 with the removable pans and then put
in some of your foils like that would be
so amazing that's my wish for you but if
you're in the market for trying some new
eyeshadow so if you want to try it well
I shadow where Elena's formula is just
so wonderful I definitely recommend it
and she totally deserves to have that
formula in my number one spot this month
I want to thank you so much for watching
my monthly favorites I hope you enjoyed
it if you did definitely make sure you
hit the subscribe button and
thumbs up button down below to make me
look super cool
love to know your monthly favorites down
in the comments below share with me some
of the things you've enjoyed and then
maybe I can get my hands on them so I
can try them for next month so I want to
thank you again so much for watching and
mad love and I'll see you in a video
soon